### CACHE IN PRODUCTION

- As per the memory allocated, 10 MB has been allocated for the caches that will be stored using memcached.
- Considering the presence of 3 categories, that will yield:
    - One cache for **phone_categories**
    - Three caches for **phones_{}**
    - Three caches for **categories_{}**
    - Three caches for **sizes_{}**
    - One cache for **landing_page_images**
    * **HOWEVER,** the size of the content stored is different, with **landing_page_images** (stores images) and **phones_{}** likely to store the most data size.

### CACHE CASES

### The phones_{} case
#### Adding a phone with a None Category.

* A phone with a None Category will never be rendered in a view on the website. This means that there will exist no cache for such phones. Therefore their addition to a model should have no clearance of caches.

#### Adding a phone with a Category.

* A phone with a category will be rendered in a view in the website. This means that there will exist a cache for such phones. Therefore their addition to a model should have clearance of cache for the Category it is being added to.

#### Edit a Phone with a Category to another Category.

* In both instances the phones will affect the caches with the two category ids. It is necessary to clear the cache of the category that was being edited before and the cache of the category that the phone is being placed in.

#### Edit a Phone with a None Category to another None Category.

* In both instances the phones will not affect the caches. This is because at no moment will the None Category Phone be rendered on the website. This means that no cache will have to be deleted as no cache would have been created in the first place.

#### Edit a Phone in a particular Category to a non-categorical phone.

* The phone will be be deemed unrenderable once this operation occurs. This will necessitate that the cache, generated by the phone belonging to a particular category, will need to be deleted.

#### Categorize a Phone that was uncategorized.

* The phone will be deemed renderable. This means that it will affect a cache. It requires the deletion of a cache belonging to the category that it has been placed in.

#### If a phone is deleted that belonged to a category.

* The cause effect of this operations necessitates the need to delete a cache. It will require determining the category of the phone that is being deleted. Once this is done the cache with that phone category id is deleted.

#### Delete a phone that belonged to no category.

* This operation will have no effect on the cache.


### The category_{} cache
#### Adding a new Category.

* A new category means that the category has never been viewed on the browser. This therefore means that the cache has never been created. This hence requires no deletion of the cache.

#### Editing a Category.

* Editing a new category means that the category has been viewed on the browser. This also means that the spelling of the category will need to change. This will therefore necessitate the deletion of the cache of that category.

#### Deleting a Category.

* Deleting a category means that the category will no longer be viewed. This means that the cache created for that category will need to be deleted.

* Deleting a category also means that caches created with that id will no longer be needed. Therefor the cache for **phones_{}** and **size_{}** will need to be deleted.

### The sizes_{} cache
#### Deleting a size object.

* Deleting a size object means that the it will affect the cache. This is if it had an attribute of a category. If the size object has the quality of None on the category then this will not affect the cache. This is ideally because the cache will never have been created as None categories are not rendered on a view.

#### Add a size object with a category.

* Adding a size object with a category will affect the cache. This requires that when the size is added the cache with the respective category id of the size object being added needs to be deleted.

#### Edit a size object that initially belonged to no category, to have an attribute of a category.

* The operation will affect the cache. It will require that the cache with the category id of the category being added to the size object be deleted. This is because a new size object belonging to that cache is being added.

#### Edit a size object that initially belonged to a category, to have not category attribute.

* The operation will affect the cache. It will require that the cache with the category id of the category attribute being deleted be removed.

#### Edit a size object that initially belongs to a category, to belong to another category.

* The operation affects two caches. One the cache for the previous category and the current category being added. They both have to be deleted.

#### Edit a size object that is initially non-categorized to still be non-categorized.

* The operation should affect no deletion of any caches.

